Task/126250 syncing documentation (#885)
Cognigy/Extensions: extensions/diffbot/README.md

The Diffbot Crawler Connector automatically creates Knowledge Sources by crawling web pages from the root page and process their content using Diffbot services. For more information, see the [Diffbot Crawl API](https://docs.diffbot.com/reference/crawl-introduction) documentation. You can also see the running crawler on the [Diffbot dashboard](https://app.diffbot.com/crawls/)

> Starting with version 2.0.0, the connector also supports syncing. It uses `upsertKnowledgeSource` to determine whether a source needs to be re-ingested, skipping sources that are already up to date. Any stale sources previously created by this connector that no longer exist are automatically deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 2.0.0, this Knowledge Connector also supports knowledge synchronization. Knoweldge synchornization is available in Cognigy.AI 2026.5.0 and later versions. This Knowledge Connector uses `upsertKnowledgeSource` to determine whether a web page needs to be re-ingested and to skip those that are already up to date. Also, if the web pages that were imported with this Knowledge Connector are removed from the external knowledge base, they are also deleted from Cognigy.AI.
```

The Diffbot Webpage Connector automatically creates Knowledge Sources by processing web page content through Diffbot's extraction service.

> Starting with version 2.0.0, the connector also supports syncing. It uses `upsertKnowledgeSource` to determine whether a source needs to be re-ingested, skipping sources that are already up to date. Any stale sources previously created by this connector that no longer exist are automatically deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 2.0.0, this Knowledge Connector also supports knowledge synchronization. Knoweldge synchornization is available in Cognigy.AI 2026.5.0 and later versions. This Knowledge Connector uses `upsertKnowledgeSource` to determine whether a web page needs to be re-ingested and to skip those that are already up to date. Also, if the web pages that were imported with this Knowledge Connector are removed from the external knowledge base, they are also deleted from Cognigy.AI.
```

Author: Also, if the web pages that were imported with this Knowledge Connector in are removed, they are also deleted in Cognigy.AI.

there is extra "in" in sentence. Can we also say "... Knowledge Connector are removed from external Knowledge base"
